Add support for armv7l. (#253)
a-scie/ptex: CHANGES.md

# Release Notes

## 1.3.0

> This release adds support for Linux ARM (armv7 and armv8 32 bit mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds support for Linux ARM (armv7l and armv8l 32 bit mode).
```
